so there I was woke up with a heavy case
of amnesia in the middle of nowhere the
only clue to my past is Harry's name and
address inside this hat so I made my way
to the apartment and that's when I found
you and your stapler gonna loosen a shoe
so you're a talky Pikachu with no
memories who's addicted to caffeine I
could stop whenever I want these are
just choices another round extra shot
blackest night thank you sweetie
this is what a Frenchman would call got
ent feeis s not fridge I don't know
maybe Harry got in too deep and mixed up
the wrong crowd that kind of thing
you can talk to humans I can talk to
Pokemon and if you want to find your
pops we're gonna need no I don't need a
Pokemon what about a world-class
detective Harry is still alive
case closed but still open until I solve
it
all right here it is Harry faked his own
death or somebody else fake Harry's
death
[Music]
yeah Harry fake somebody else's dead
that last one doesn't work
[Music]
[Applause]
now obviously I've dealt what this pups
before so I'll just do it again
hey bud what are you doing I can't do
when people are watching
[Music]
that's a twist that's very twisty
yeah no he's barely moving don't tell
him that
oh he's on a fight quick get in front of
him stop Oh No
he's going down hard Tim should have
worn a helmet what is that
silent but deadly apologies my tummy's
batch from all the coffee your body and
that's what the gates say just say
welcome to rhyme city a celebration of
the harmony between humans and pokémon
Tim your dad was a legend in this
precinct if you were anything like your
talent
I remember you wanted to be a pokémon
trainer anyway yeah yeah they didn't
really work out
[Music]
come in there whoever you are and know
how to use this
geez here we go I know you can't
understand me but put down the stapler
or I will electrocute you did you just
talk whoa did you just understand me oh
my god you can understand me it'd have
been so lousy they tried to talk to me
all the time all they hear is pika pika
you can hear him right guys adorable
you're adorable they can't understand me
kitchen no one else here I don't need a
Pokemon period and what about a
world-class detective because if you
want to find your pops
I'm your best bet we're gonna do this
you and me
[Music]
it brought us together and that magic is
called hope
[Music]
listen up we got ways to make you talk
or mine yeah tell us what we want to
know pipe yes okay I can shoving pushing
my problem is that I push people away
and then hate them for leaving he's
saying you can shove it what I can shove
it okay that's it no we're switching
roles I'm bad cop
you're good cop in my head I saw that
differently
[Music]